So we're gonna to talk about Ours and
there's you've heard me
say this multiple times.
Now Ours is Theirs and
Theirs is Ours with rebase.
Whereas it's the opposite for merge, so
long as you have one of those correct,
you'll get the other one correct, or
you can just remember how rebase works.
So sometimes you just wanna be
able to pick just one side.
You don't wanna have to go through and
manually resolve.
Each one of the things you just wanna say,
hey, file or
change A is better than change B,
I just want change A, right?
By the way, there's a very well-known
Netflix person named some coding guy, and
he even says that Ours and
Theirs is like the worst thing to get.
So it confuses everybody.
So if you feel kinda confused about it,
don't worry, you're not the only one that
thinks completely ridiculous and
also makes perfect sense, but ridiculous.
All right.
When I say ours,
I do mean our current branch.
When I say Theirs I do
mean the incoming branch.
So if you wanna select a change,
you can just simply do Git checkout--
hours path to the file and it will just
select the entire files change set.
And if you do Theirs, it'll select
the entire file change set for
just Theirs and it's only for that file.
So, let's do it again,
let's make another conflict.
We'll do A plus 7 and Hello,
A plus 8 and remote and
let's do a merge from upstream to resolve
it and let's choose hours with a merge.
So I'll go to Hello, and then the ReadMe,
A plus 7 A plus 7.
Do it again here.
There we go.
I've done both to Hello and to remote.
Now all I need to do is just simply
merge those two together and
then we'll get the conflict so Git pull.
Notice I'm using a merge,
I'm not rebasing awesome.
I have the conflict.
Now I'm just gonna simply go
Git check out Ours ReadMe.
So if I do that, and I go get status.
You'll see it still says,
both modified cuz we haven't added it yet.
If I cap the ReaMe,
you'll see it's just our change.
It did it for us.
That also means if
the remote had other changes
that weren't conflicted,
what is it gonna do?
>> Still pull them in.
>> It's gonna pull in everything on Ours.
So, just think things to remember,
choosing Ours,
you're choosing this experience
versus that experience.
So just remember that.
It's the full deal here.
So sometimes that's why you
wanna go through hand by hand,
select what you want.
There we go, pretty straightforward.
We checked out hours, now all we
have to do is just simply merge it.
So I'll just simply go Git, add this,
Git Commit, let's see, merged, why not?
These commit messages are just
getting worse as the day goes on,
which really represents true using Git.
This might be the most true version of
using Git is where your commit messages
disproportionately get
worse as time goes on.
It's just the worst, right?
All right.
So we can do a quick little log.
I can go get log one line graph and
we'll just do like the last 10 commits.
And you can see right here,
you can see the A plus 7 over here, but
then we just merged in A8 with A plus 7,
we get the merge.
So there we go.
I mean, I always go back and
forth in some sense of whether I did.
Do rebase or whether I do merge.
In some sense I do this
piece of history right here,
which is I get to see that these two
things happened, and we did make a proper
change to the code in such a way and
this is the result of the conflict.
I do that experience.
I think it is a little bit more sensible
for me to understand how a bug could form.
Cuz if you have a conflict and you use
rebase, it kinda erases the idea that you
even had a conflict and
it just looks like linear history.
It's kinda like a you
choose your own adventure.
I always go back and forth.
I can convince myself either
way to love either one, right?
As for whatever reason,
I don't seem to have a solid like,
this is the only way to do it here.
It's just like, you can visit me.
Tomorrow, I'll be all about rebase, today
I might be all about merge for conflicts.
It's the life I live as an engineer,
it depends just continuously and
ad infinitum for
all of the rest of my life.
Anyways, good reminder.
If you don't wanna mix merge and rebase,
start getting these Commit merges and
it's very hard to keep your tree kinda
straight so you really do wanna try to
stick with one strategy and at least
make sure they're in sync and then you
can kinda diverge once they're in sync,
but I tend to try to never mix them both.
Cuz then you just start getting
merge commits constantly and
just nothing feels good it's
just trouble after that.
So, let's merge everything up, and
make sure that our Hello Git and
remote Git are in the exact same position.
And then we'll start doing the next part.
Okay.
So Git, push origin,
I don't know why I'm saying
the whole thing here.
Again, exactly got owned again.
Get checkout bar, go back,
push it up, go back, get checkout.
Trunks I don't goof that up.
All right.
We're in.
By the way, if you guys are wondering how
in the world am I switching
between projects so dang fast?
This is called tmux.
I have an entire course on front end
Master is all about how to use your system
well, includes Vim and all the good stuff.
If you don't use Vim, that's okay.
Vim's awesome.
It makes me entertained.
I know most people don't like it,
but hey, I think it's great.
All right, so
we're gonna do the exact same thing again.
We're gonna create another conflict
with this A plus 9, A plus n add, add,
by the way, forgot to say that,
there we go, add SEC rules now, wait, FEC,
which one is it?
Anyways, one of the governmental agencies,
you have to say add after things,
I don't know.
Anyways, all right, so
let's do A plus 9 in Hello,
let's do A plus 10 in remote,
don't laugh at me, [LAUGH].
And do those two, and then let's do a
rebase, and then let's try to select Ours.
Let's just really drive home the point
that Ours is Theirs and Theirs is Ours.
Even though we should already be there,
but let's just do it anyways.
So I'll go back to Hello,
I'll open up ReadMe,
set it to 9, Git add this,
there's no file name there,
Git commit, A plus 9,
switch over here, then ReadMe,
10 Awesome.
Okay.
So now if I get a whole, Rebase,
we have the conflict, get check out Ours.
Remember, we're doing
Ours here on purpose.
If we do that, and then we can Cat
out ReadMe you'll see right here.
We selected Hello Git,
we did not select Ours cuz we
selected Ours, which is not Ours.
Okay, good.
I just wanna really make sure we,
we really are all fully on the same page
here, so it's just such a goofy part.
So there we go.
So that means if you're gonna do this,
we need to select Theirs.
So I believe I do a little
change right here.
We do this whole Ours as Theirs business.
Okay, so let's just check out and
use Theirs instead of Ours.
I'll go Git checkout Theirs ReadMe.
There we go.
So now when I cat that one out,
you'll see it's our change.
Awesome, Git add it, Git rebase continue.
Fantastic.
We've now done it, we've selected Ours,
and we have our changing.